Every election is a sort of advance auction sale of stolen goods. H. L. Mencken
I have this beautiful antique silver wine decanter that I bought at an auction. I always pour wine from that. Paul Lynde
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. Jimmy Dean
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible. Francis of Assisi
The best way out is always through. Robert Frost
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. Vince Lombardi
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'! Audrey Hepburn
We know what we are, but know not what we may be. William Shakespeare
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door. Milton Berle
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. Aristotle Onassis
There is nothing impossible to him who will try. Alexander the Great
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success. Swami Sivananda
Believe you can and you're halfway there. Theodore Roosevelt
Change your thoughts and you change your world. Norman Vincent Peale
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best. St. Jerome
I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed. Robert H. Schuller
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can. Nikos Kazantzakis
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it. Charles R. Swindoll
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows. Ralph Marston
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough. Og Mandino
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. C. S. Lewis
You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water. Rabindranath Tagore
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. Confucius
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts. Eleanor Roosevelt
If you can dream it, you can do it. Walt Disney
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground. Theodore Roosevelt
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. Sam Levenson
It always seems impossible until its done. Nelson Mandela
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines. Robert H. Schuller
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later. Og Mandino
Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star. W. Clement Stone
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. Arthur Ashe
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else. Margaret Mead
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it. Richard Bach
